111024 GB
1. added meta deta description and title in index.html

2. Installed dependencies:

    a. npm install react-router-dom
    b. npm install axios
    c. npm install jwt-decode
    d. npm install @fortawesome/react-fontawesome
    e. npm install @fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons
    f. npm install react-chartjs-2
    g. npm install chart.js

Explanations:
react-router-dom: Used for routing and navigation within a React application.

axios: Used for making HTTP requests (API calls) from a React application.

jwt-decode: Used to decode JSON Web Tokens and extract data from them.

@fortawesome/react-fontawesome: A React component wrapper for Font Awesome icons.

@fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons: A set of free solid icons from Font Awesome for use with react-fontawesome.

react-chartjs-2: A React wrapper for the Chart.js library to easily integrate charts into your React app.

chart.js: The underlying JavaScript library for creating charts, used by react-chartjs-2.

3. Package json has started to fill up now a bit:

still missing from their package json:

PROD dependencies (missing):

@fortawesome/fontawesome-svg-core
react-charts
react-lottie-player
react-router-dom

SCRIPTS:
same

ESLINTCONFIG:
same

BROWSERSLIST:
production and development are same


PROXY (Missing)

DEVDEPENDENCIES(missing)
@babel/plugin-proposal-private-property-in-object

4. Trying to compile again:

Got lots of errors

    a. Fix Module Not Found Errors: 
    Check the file paths and ensure notificationAPI exists where it's supposed to.

    b. Address Unused Variables:
    Remove or use the variables defined but never used (like navigate, setUserXp, etc.).

    c. Fix useEffect Warnings:
    Make sure all variables inside useEffect are listed in its dependency array. If you don't need them, remove them from the effect.

    d. Fix Code Style Issues:
    Remove unreachable code and fix accessibility warnings

5. Copied the notificationAPI file from previous team folder to this one.

6. compilation completed without error in third attempt.

7. Replaced the default favicon.ico with the new generated favicon.ico. 
I used logo from the img directory in the HomePage component.

8. overwrote the navbar component to make it use bootstrap classes so that i could bring responsiveness to the navbar and UX/UI better

Added bootstrap css and bootstrap script to index.html in public directory

9. In Navbar.css, created some custom implementation of bootstrap classes to overwrite them. they are as follows:

.custom-navbar-dark, 
.custom-navbar-dark .navbar-nav .nav-link ,
.custom-navbar-dark .navbar-nav .nav-link:hover, 
.custom-bg-dark, 
.custom-navbar-brand,

10. commented previous teams class classes in Navbar.css completely.

11. wrapped the previous team's Navbar function component in bootstrap containers.