The errors you're encountering indicate that the required modules react-router-dom, axios, jwt-decode, and others are not found. These are commonly caused by either missing dependencies in your node_modules folder or incorrectly installed packages. Here's what you can do to resolve the issue:

1. Missing Dependencies
The errors suggest that your project is missing the required dependencies (react-router-dom, axios, jwt-decode, etc.). You need to ensure that all required packages are installed.

Solution:
Run the following command in your project directory to install all the required dependencies listed in your package.json:

npm install

If that doesn't resolve the issue, install the missing dependencies individually:

npm install react-router-dom axios jwt-decode @fortawesome/react-fontawesome @fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons react-chartjs-2 chart.js
This will install the missing packages, and your project should have access to them.

2. Check for Package Installation
Ensure that the required modules are listed as dependencies in your package.json. For example:

"dependencies": {
  "axios": "^0.21.1",
  "react-router-dom": "^6.0.0",
  "jwt-decode": "^3.1.2",
  "react-chartjs-2": "^3.0.0",
  "chart.js": "^3.5.0",
  "@fortawesome/react-fontawesome": "^0.1.14",
  "@fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons": "^5.15.3"
}
If they're not present, add them manually to the dependencies section and run npm install again.

3. Clear npm Cache
Sometimes, your npm cache may cause issues. You can try clearing it and reinstalling the packages:

npm cache clean --force
npm install

4. Check for Typos in Import Paths
Ensure that the import paths in your code are correct. For example:

import { BrowserRouter as Router, Routes, Route } from 'react-router-dom';
import axios from 'axios';
Also, verify that you're importing files and components correctly from your local project.

5. Rebuild Your Project
After installing the dependencies, try rebuilding your project by running:

npm run build

Then start the development server again:

npm start
This should resolve most of the missing module errors you're facing. 